# 14 - CUSTOM TYPES: Enums

STEP:

* Potent Rodent is a pet shop with a very limited supply. The entire stock of animals consists of hamsters, rats, chinchillas, and tarantulas. Your job is to improve their order-processing code by making it type safe. Create an enum named Pet, whose possible values are Pet.Hamster, Pet.Rat, Pet.Chinchilla, and Pet.Tarantula. Please list them in the order given here, and don’t bother assigning their numeric values yourself—let TypeScript do it automatically.
* You may have noticed that the variable petOnSale is not type safe: a wayward coder could assign to it an unacceptable value like petOnSale = 'Ox'! Create a better, type safe variable petOnSaleTS and assign to it the value Pet.Chinchilla. Make sure to explicitly include the correct type annotation for petOnSaleTS on the same line.
* The array ordersArray is a list of orders to process, in the format [<pet name string>, <number ordered>]. (Why did someone order 50 chinchillas?) This is clearly not type safe by any stretch of the imagination. Create the type safe version of this array, naming it ordersArrayTS. Pet names should be replaced by corresponding enum values. The number ordered should stay the same. Don’t do the type annotation just yet, we’ll get to that in a moment.
* Now that you have created ordersArrayTS and assigned its value, go back and add the appropriate type annotation. Note that ordersArrayTS is an array of tuples, so the type annotation should reflect that fact.
* Now that we have a type safe orders array, let’s see what happens when someone tries to order a pet that the shop does not carry. Attempt to add an order for 3 jerboas by adding the code ordersArrayTS.push([Pet.Jerboa, 3]); and clicking the “Run” button. Then, run tsc in the terminal to make sure TypeScript does not allow this push.